today on also grande nice calm we're
looking at the cold steel Bowie spike
neck knife model 53 NBS this spike has
been completely re-engineered from the
old style and it continues to raise the
bar for neck knives it's thin it's
lightweight and it's super tough with a
razor-sharp zero ground blade
it also has heavily scalloped and
textured Fox g10 handles they offer
comfortable and secure grip and the
integral quill Ian's provide a safe stop
for the index finger and the thumb and
the g10 Fox g10 scales provide excellent
traction even if your hands are wet or
cold or slippery it's available in four
different blade shapes you can get it in
this bowie a drop-point style the Tokyo
spike and also the tanto style blade
it's a one-piece steel construction full
tang
much stronger than any tactical folder
and it also rivals the strength of some
boot knives but it's still light enough
to be carried all day without fatigue it
weighs in at only three ounces in the
sheet which the sheath is the secure X
by cold steel it does come with a beaded
neck pain lanyard designed primarily for
neck carry but you can also carry these
on a belt because they are compatible
with the tech lock mounting system so
it's very versatile to carry concealed
and the blade length on it is four
inches
the overall length majors in at 8 inches
they've used four one one six German
stainless steel it's got to wait for the
knife alone of 2.3 ounces the blade
thickness is three millimeters the
handle is four inches long
again the scales are Fox g10
and it does come with the secure xiiith
which it snaps very nicely into the
sheath very easy to get in and out
really nice setup
if you're looking for a nice lightweight
neck knife that's very versatile to
carry concealed these can be had for
only $23.99 buy it now on Oso Grande
knives calm thank you for watching and
please subscribe to our Channel